
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# oxthema: Oxford Palette, Theme, and Theme Components <img src="man/figures/logo.png" width="200" align="right" />

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Project Status: WIP – Initial development is in progress, but there
has not yet been a stable, usable release suitable for the
public.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/wip.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#wip)
[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/OxfordIHTM/oxthema/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OxfordIHTM/oxthema/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
[![test-coverage](https://github.com/OxfordIHTM/oxthema/actions/workflows/test-coverage.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OxfordIHTM/oxthema/actions/workflows/test-coverage.yaml)
[![Codecov test
coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/OxfordIHTM/oxthema/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/OxfordIHTM/oxthema?branch=main)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/oxfordihtm/oxthema/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/oxfordihtm/oxthema)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/711630340.svg)](https://zenodo.org/doi/10.5281/zenodo.10721129)
<!-- badges: end -->

Palette, theme, and theme components based on [University of
Oxford](https://ox.ac.uk)’s [visual identity
guidelines](https://communications.web.ox.ac.uk/communications-resources/visual-identity/identity-guidelines).

## What does `oxthema` do?

`oxthema` aims to provide templates, themes, and theme components for
colour palettes, typography, and layout compliant with [University of
Oxford](https://ox.ac.uk)’s [visual identity
guidelines](https://communications.web.ox.ac.uk/communications-resources/visual-identity/identity-guidelines)
for use in the R language for statistical computing graphics and
publishing ecosystem.

Currently, the package provides colour palettes consistent with the
colours prescribed by the university visual identity guidelines.
Additional templates, themes, and theme components will be included over
time.

## Installation

`oxthema` is not yet available on [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org) but
can be installed through the [Oxford IHTM R
universe](https://oxfordihtm.r-universe.dev) repository as follows:

``` r
install.packages(
  "oxthema", 
  repos = c(
    'https://oxfordihtm.r-universe.dev', 
    'https://cloud.r-project.org'
  )
)
```

## Usage

The following vignettes provide details on how to make full use of the
`oxthema` package:

- [Oxford
  colours](https://oxford-ihtm.io/oxthema/articles/oxford-colours.html)

- [Oxford
  palettes](https://oxford-ihtm.io/oxthema/articles/oxford-palettes.html)

- [Oxford
  theme](https://oxford-ihtm.io/oxthema/articles/oxford-theme.html)

## Authors

- [Ernest Guevarra](https://github.com/ernestguevarra)
- [Greco Malijan](https://github.com/grecomalijan)

## Community guidelines

Feedback, bug reports and feature requests are welcome; file issues or
seek support [here](https://github.com/OxfordIHTM/oxthema/issues). If
you would like to contribute to the package, please see our
[contributing
guidelines](https://oxford-ihtm.io/oxthema/CONTRIBUTING.html).

This project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://oxford-ihtm.io/oxthema/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html). By
participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.
